Below are Design Limitations you can add to your document/slide based on the security and architecture constraints shown in your screenshot (enterprise environment like JPMorgan standards + browser extension agent platform). These are typically required for architecture review / security review.

Design Limitations – Agentic AI Browser Extension Platform
1. Browser Extension Environment Limitations

Browser extensions operate within sandboxed browser environments, restricting direct access to system resources and enterprise applications.

Extensions rely on DOM access and browser APIs, which may change depending on browser updates or application UI changes.

Enterprise browser policies may restrict extension capabilities such as script injection, cross-origin requests, or external API calls.

Extension execution is limited to user browser sessions, meaning agents cannot operate when the browser is closed or inactive.

2. Data Security and Privacy Limitations

Sensitive business data processed within the browser must comply with data masking and redaction policies before being used by AI agents.

Raw enterprise data cannot be transmitted to external LLM providers unless explicitly approved.

Browser storage mechanisms (localStorage, sessionStorage, IndexedDB) are not suitable for storing sensitive business data.

Client-side masking may not guarantee 100% coverage of sensitive information due to DOM variability or application design.

3. AI Model Limitations

Large Language Models may produce non-deterministic responses and occasional hallucinations.

Model reasoning is dependent on quality and completeness of provided context.

LLM outputs may require validation against enterprise systems before execution.

Model drift and updates from external providers may impact behavior over time.

4. Authentication and Session Constraints

Authentication must rely on enterprise SSO mechanisms such as SAML or OIDC.

Browser-based session management is limited by browser session lifetime and security policies.

Session tokens must follow strict timeout policies such as:

inactivity timeout

absolute session expiration

token refresh cycles

5. Agent Execution Limitations

Agents operating in browser environments depend on UI structure and DOM consistency, making them sensitive to UI changes.

Autonomous execution capabilities must remain restricted by policy guardrails to prevent unauthorized actions.

Agents cannot bypass enterprise access controls or privileged authorization boundaries.

Some enterprise workflows may require server-side orchestration rather than client-only execution.

6. Compliance and Governance Constraints

All agent actions must be auditable and traceable through logging and monitoring systems.

The platform must comply with enterprise policies related to:

data protection

encryption

access control

audit requirements

Deployment must follow internal CI/CD and packaging approval processes for browser extensions.

7. Deployment and Packaging Limitations

Extensions must be distributed through approved internal enterprise channels.

Unpacked extensions or sideloaded builds are not allowed in production environments.

All builds must pass security scanning tools such as:

SAST

dependency scanning

vulnerability scanning

8. Integration Limitations

Direct integration with internal systems may require additional API gateways or service layers.

Some enterprise systems may restrict automation or programmatic access.

Network policies and firewall restrictions may limit external service connectivity.

9. Observability and Monitoring Constraints

Logging must exclude sensitive user or business data.

Monitoring systems must be integrated with enterprise observability platforms.

AI decision-making must support traceability and explainability for audit and compliance.

10. Fail-Safe and Operational Limitations

Agents must support safe fallback mechanisms if errors or unexpected conditions occur.

Emergency shutdown controls must exist to disable agents during incidents.

System must support rollback capabilities if automated actions cause unintended outcomes.

Short Version (Good for Slide)

Design Limitations

Browser extension sandbox restricts system-level access.

Sensitive data cannot be stored or transmitted without masking.

LLM responses may contain hallucinations and require validation.

Agent automation depends on stable UI and DOM structure.

Enterprise authentication and session policies must be enforced.

Extension deployment must follow internal CI/CD and security scanning.

All agent actions must be auditable and policy compliant.

If you'd like, I can also provide one final Architecture Review slide containing:

Overview

Benefits

Use cases

Security controls

Design limitations

which is perfect for architecture approval presentations.

can you give on this basis

Below is a clean “Design Constraints & Limitations” section rewritten based on the points in your screenshot. This version is architecture-review friendly and suitable for security/compliance documentation or a slide.

Design Constraints & Limitations
1. Regulatory and CTC Approvals

Deployment of browser extensions in enterprise VDI environments requires additional firm-wide regulatory approvals and CTC (Cyber Technology Controls) reviews. Unlike standard applications, browser extensions must pass enhanced security and governance checks before production deployment.

2. Data Minimization and DOM Scope

The extension must strictly follow a data minimization principle:

Only parse and process the minimum required DOM elements.

Sensitive or confidential fields must never be extracted or transmitted.

DOM scraping should be restricted to approved elements and attributes.

3. Compliance for Model Integrations

Integration with AI models must follow strict compliance rules:

Highly confidential or restricted enterprise data must never be transmitted to external AI services without explicit approval.

All sensitive attributes must be redacted or anonymized before AI processing.

AI integrations must comply with internal data governance and AI usage policies.

4. Handling Highly Confidential Attributes

Sensitive enterprise data requires additional safeguards:

Access must be protected using Role-Based Access Control (RBAC).

Data must be encrypted during storage and transmission.

DLP (Data Loss Prevention) checks and redaction mechanisms must be applied before any outbound communication.

5. Prompt Confirmation and User Action Workflow

Any operation involving external data transmission or irreversible automation must require:

Explicit user confirmation

Clear visibility of what data will be transmitted

Approval before executing sensitive agent actions

6. Multi-Tab, Concurrency, and Context Management

Browser extensions operate in multi-tab environments, introducing concurrency challenges:

Session context must be isolated per browser tab.

Agent state must be synchronized to prevent race conditions or data leaks.

Workflow state must be carefully coordinated across tabs.

7. Agent Memory Management

Agent memory must follow strict boundaries:

Memory should be limited to user session and task scope.

Long-term storage must use encrypted, enterprise-approved storage services.

Access controls must prevent unauthorized cross-agent data sharing.

8. Observability, Auditing, and Fail-Safe Controls

The platform must support strong operational governance:

Centralized telemetry and logging for agent activity.

Audit trails for agent decisions and actions.

Fail-safe mechanisms and circuit breakers to stop agents if policy violations or system errors occur.

9. Testing and Performance Constraints

The platform must undergo comprehensive validation:

Cross-browser compatibility testing.

Validation of asynchronous UI behavior.

Security testing for browser APIs and extension permissions.

Performance testing to ensure agents remain responsive under concurrent usage.

10. Browser Compatibility and Deployment Controls

The solution must maintain compatibility across enterprise-approved browsers:

Chrome

Edge

Firefox (where required)

Deployment must support:

Extension packaging and signing

Policy-based updates

Controlled rollbacks

Compatibility with enterprise VDI environments

Short Slide Version

Design Constraints

Requires regulatory and CTC approvals for VDI deployment

Strict DOM data minimization and sensitive field exclusion

External AI integrations must comply with data governance policies

Sensitive attributes protected via RBAC, encryption, and DLP checks

User confirmation required for external data transmission or critical actions

Session context isolated per browser tab to avoid concurrency issues

Agent memory restricted to session scope with encrypted storage

Centralized observability, auditing, and fail-safe controls required

Cross-browser testing and performance validation mandatory

Enterprise packaging, signing, and controlled extension deployment required


------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Regulatory / CTC Approval Mitigation
Problem

Browser extensions in enterprise VDI environments require strict approvals.

Mitigation

Implement controlled capability architecture.

Approach

Extension
   ↓
Capability Guard
   ↓
Approved Actions Only

Controls:

Feature flags for agents

Capability allowlist

Policy configuration pushed from backend

Example:

{
 "allowed_actions": [
   "read_dom",
   "extract_table",
   "submit_form"
 ]
}

Benefits:

Limits extension behavior

Simplifies regulatory review.

2. Data Minimization & DOM Scope
Problem

Extensions can accidentally capture sensitive data.

Mitigation

Use DOM Allowlist Extraction instead of scraping.

Webpage
 ↓
DOM Filter
 ↓
Allowlist Elements
 ↓
Sanitized Context

Example rule:

{
 "allowed_selectors": [
   "#invoice-id",
   "#status",
   "#amount"
 ]
}

Also implement:

sensitive field detection

attribute filtering

regex masking.

3. AI Model Compliance
Problem

Enterprise data cannot be sent to external LLMs.

Mitigation

Implement AI Gateway + Context Sanitizer.

Extension
 ↓
Context Sanitizer
 ↓
AI Gateway
 ↓
LLM

Controls:

remove PII

redact tokens

enforce prompt policy.

Example prompt wrapper:

Only use provided context.
Do not infer missing information.
If data is unavailable return "Not available".
4. Handling Highly Confidential Data
Problem

Sensitive attributes could leak.

Mitigation

Apply multi-layer data protection.

Layer 1

DOM redaction

Layer 2

Extension masking

Layer 3

Encryption before storage

Example:

Credit Card
4111 1111 1111 1111
→ **** **** **** 1111

Also enforce:

RBAC

encryption in memory layer.

5. Prompt Confirmation / User Action Workflow
Problem

Agents may perform irreversible actions.

Mitigation

Use human-in-the-loop confirmation.

Example flow:

Agent Suggestion
 ↓
User Confirmation
 ↓
Execute Action

UI confirmation example:

Agent will submit payment request.
Proceed?
[Confirm] [Cancel]
6. Multi-Tab & Concurrency Issues
Problem

Extensions operate across multiple tabs.

Mitigation

Implement tab-isolated sessions.

Architecture:

Tab1 → session_id_1
Tab2 → session_id_2
Tab3 → session_id_3

Store state in:

Redis
session_id
workflow_state

Use:

tabId

workflowId

locking mechanism.

7. Agent Memory Isolation
Problem

Agents may share memory incorrectly.

Mitigation

Use scoped memory model.

User Session
  ↓
Agent Task
    ↓
Memory Context

Example structure:

{
 "user_id": "123",
 "session_id": "abc",
 "agent_id": "invoice_agent",
 "context": {}
}

Prevent cross-agent leakage.

8. Observability & Fail-Safe Controls
Problem

Agent actions must be auditable.

Mitigation

Add agent telemetry pipeline.

Architecture:

Agent Execution
   ↓
Telemetry Collector
   ↓
Monitoring

Track:

agent actions

prompt usage

failures

anomalies.

Add circuit breaker:

Policy violation → stop agent
9. Testing Strategy
Problem

Extensions are hard to test across environments.

Mitigation

Use multi-layer testing.

Testing types:

cross-browser tests

UI automation tests

agent workflow tests

security testing

load testing.

Tools:

Playwright
Cypress
Selenium
10. Browser Compatibility Mitigation
Problem

Chrome / Edge / Firefox differences.

Mitigation

Define compatibility abstraction layer.

Browser Adapter
   ↓
Chrome APIs
Edge APIs
Firefox APIs

Follow:

Manifest v3

extension permission minimization.

11. Secure Extension Deployment
Problem

Enterprise deployment requires strict packaging.

Mitigation

Follow controlled pipeline:

CI/CD
 ↓
Security scanning
 ↓
Extension signing
 ↓
Enterprise distribution

Scans include:

SAST

dependency scanning

permission analysis.

12. Additional Mitigation for AI Hallucination

Because your system uses AI agents:

Use four controls together.

RAG retrieval
structured memory
tool-based queries
output validation

Example:

LLM → fetch invoice data
tool → database query
LLM → generate response
validator → verify output
Final Architecture Mitigation Pattern
Browser Extension
      ↓
DOM Allowlist + Masking
      ↓
API Gateway
      ↓
FastAPI Orchestrator
      ↓
Memory Layer
  DynamoDB
  Redis
  OpenSearch
      ↓
Policy Engine
      ↓
Agent Workers

Security layers:

DOM filtering
PII masking
RBAC
Prompt guardrails
Telemetry
One Sentence Summary (for Architecture Review)

The platform mitigates regulatory, security, and operational risks through DOM allowlist extraction, client-side masking, scoped agent memory, policy enforcement, human-in-the-loop confirmations, and centralized observability.
